1. Why are functions advantageous to have in your programs?
Ans: functions makes programs shorter, easier and  update. improves code Reusability. this helps to write the programs in a modular way. Functions reduces effort writting  duplicate code

2. When does the code in a function run: when it's specified or when it's called?
Ans:  code in function run not when it's specfied . code runs when its being  called 

3. What statement creates a function?
Ans: The def statement defines a function
    Syntax of Function:
def function_name(parameters):
    """doc string"""          
    -----function body-----
    -----function body-----
    return value

4. What is the difference between a function and a function call?
Ans: A function call means invoking or calling that function. Unless a function is called there is no use of that function.. Using a function to do a particular task any point in program is called as function call.

5. How many global scopes are there in a Python program? How many local scopes?
Ans: There is one global scope in python, and a local scope is created whenever a function is called.

6. What happens to variables in a local scope when the function call returns?
Ans: When a function returns, the local scope is destroyed, and all the variables in it are forgotten.

7. What is the concept of a return value? Is it possible to have a return value in an expression?
Ans: A return value is the value that a function call returns on being called. Like any value, a return value can be used a in part of an expression.

8. If a function does not have a return statement, what is the return value of a call to that function?
Ans: If there is no return statement for a function, its return value is None.

9. How do you make a function variable refer to the global variable?
Ans: A global statement will force a variable in a function to refer to the global variable. If you want to refer to a global variable in a function, you can use the global keyword to declare which variables are global.If your function has a local variable with same name as global variable and you want to modify the global variable inside function then use 'global' keyword before the variable name at start of function .
    
It will make the function to refer global variable total whenever acc

10. What is the data type of None?
Ans: The data type of None is NoneType.

11. What does the sentence import areallyourpetsnamederic do?
Ans: That import statement imports a module named areallyourpetsnamederic.

12. If you had a bacon() feature in a spam module, what would you call it after importing spam?
Ans:it can be called with spam.bacon().

13. What can you do to save a programme from crashing if it encounters an error?
Ans:we can use  a try clause and use except block to handle the error.

14. What is the purpose of the try clause? What is the purpose of the except clause?
ANS:The code that could potentially cause an error goes in the try clause. The code that executes if an error happens goes in the except clause.
